
# Mini Retro
## What did you Feel?

PK: Little confused at I’m first time doing this 
Confused as well, new to env, python
Excited to be here!
Hope to be here again to learn more!
Happy. Not confused about being confused :)
Want to come more prepared
Happy about the group!
Glad we have new people
THInk we could do an intro to Approvals
    Use a approvals to do a 10 min kata using approvals


## What did you Learn?

PK: testing and how to read the code. I need to learn how to read python code.
Collaboration - people come together, divergent opinions converge to same path (examples? specifics?)
Biggest learning - about this weekly meetup
Here - learn more - how to help the navigator
How to create a safe space, anyone can participate
As a facilitator: I can *ask questions* to help participants
Feel lost, drawing about the Namer was not clear enough
Good to see people! People showing up.
str.format - 1. allows to replace many things 2. prob works well with the map expander 3. it fails when a key is missing (is it a good thing?)
much better auto-complete with type-hints (e.g. `template: str`)  adding the word str
 def __init__(self, template: str):

I'm frozen 

Observation: Nitsan did (as a talker) - asked Teresa "how did you run the tests?", Teresa knew - helped the whole team learn that
Another thing: "I'm Nitsan, I'll be listening to your instructions."
Nitsan suggested str.format

I try to montiro how much feedback I give
 because I have a lot to say

Be a little more assertive and Say: lets try this
Nitsan:  I let it go because I was planning ot let us do WHATEVER way we ant than then I oculd offer a refactoring

