
Consider working on increaing our test coverage

Argument testing often goes untested
How could we make arg testing easy?
using approval testing could make it easier...
HMW (How might we) design approval tests to make Arg tesing easier
For EVERYONE ?

# refacting Argument parser
given current design
 you can write a test that overrides Sys ag v
 or you can allow the parcer to ____
Jay prefers to separate config from execution 
 and now the parse arg returns a TUPLE
instead have parse arg return a data class
the data clas could be:
@dataclasses.dataclass(frozen=True)
class userintent:
     id:str
     received:str






Observations
How did you feel?
What would you change?

# Jay
Excited to be with new group
Curious to learn our ways of working
Frustrated b/c he wants things to go 100x faster
Q: When should we bring up opportunities to refactor code?

# Matt
Felt uncomfortable.
Tension. Operating agreements.
     > We have experience working together.

# Susan
Felt good. More understanding of ACN. Lower vs. upper. `-` vs `.`. 


# Diana
Felt great - enjoyed having Jay here
Uncomfortable - Jay has been here a lot but not recently so he is not familiar with our current way of doing things
(eg. appstream, cannot push commits)

# Michael
New people today. They were able to engage quickly. 

Good to speak up about being uncomfortable.



# Final retro
## Format - PETTDLES

Matt -- Baseball.  Michael's frustration (at childhood "trauma").  
Remembering "Researcher" from RPG game mob.  Was playing this role helpful or distracting? 
Diana didn't see it as harmful.

baseball seems like no one is working
sometimes researcher role is useful when 

baseball is great for some things
in the RPG group we rarely have other roles

lets play the RPG game and play the roles 

then you can 
Move up and down the levels to fit the temas current capabilities

Woody:  Software teamming
basics:  3 or more doing the same thing 
then more advanced: Mob is a central command bridge
similarity? synergy? sinchonisity??

when you as the question about the BUild Directory
it is OK as a facilitator to allow the group to stuggle and work through it ourselves.

Diana - Opened a file different from what Matt proposed.  Back/forth about setup.py in our project AND in the internet.  
When different understanding about letting typist go one way, and also bringing typiest back to talker's original thought.  
Frustration?  Anger? Confusion?    Lots of interpretations mapping what was said versus what was done.




Susan???





## PATTERN
## EMOTION
## TOOL
## TEAM
## DOMAIN
## LANGUAGE
## EVENTS
## SURPRISES



