#retro 4

this is a great community
people show up in our safe space 
even if they have had a recent crisis

becaues this is a place wehre I can feel normal

I get to apply some of these teschniques with my teams

Find the wonderfulness in others

find out more about the person
what questions can I ask 

Ask his partner
what do you love about it him
ask him
what is your month like?
what ahve you been doing?
what are you enjoying
what are spending time

street epitomology
https://www.youtube.com/@magnabosco210

#retro #3
micheal had some rename ideas

## diana
I appreciated observing the plan tht michael had
he did nice job of g

#micheal
Baseball was tramatic expereince for Michael
I did nothing
mom re enrolled me over and over to do nothing again

soccor and dancing are more interesteing to me
we are dancing together
I want to make it more like soccor
I want to be involved
llewellyn feels like this is effective 

#llewellyn
sometimes It feeld like we are moving so slow
when I look at us compared to other teams
we outpace their speed
this space is so safe, we really get the voices of each person and 
each seed grows

sequential vs parellel

MichaeL
the reason we are so fast
i can show up after 6 months 
we are able to pick up and dance together
we still know how to collaborate together - diana 

llewellyn: 
never the same players 2 weeks in a row
people learn this approach to collab together


# Retro #2

## Diana
- Said "copilot is not smart", Nitsan help me realize we needed to give it a better prompt
```python
# log file contains the name of the accessed file
# add this to the file test_accessed_approved_files.approved.txt
```
- copilot didnt know what the access file was, but running the test with approvals told us what it was
- truncate vs. append - when writing to file

## Michael
- Baseball vs Soccer metaphor - strict turn-taken vs. getting into position
- Jazz - waiting for your turn, next solo, takes the ball
- Attention / Patience / Impatience - want to move things forward vs. let the team what it needs to do
- "let's get back to the point"
- when discussing truncate vs. append - was taken in a different context as intended, created a distraction, not helpful
- copilot giving us the wrong syntax for `append`

## Nitsan
- time for a mini retro
- we are making progress (feels like)
- Bless you 
- salud 
- glad we are using copilot
- to your health  (we wish you health) to life
- La'Bri'ut

clink glasses 
- 




# Diana

- how can a typer ask the talker to be more explicit?
  e.g. "talk down to me!!" / 
- wording felt uncomfortable
- "could you give me more detail?"
- "can you give me the how?"


# Michael

- "talk to me at the level that I can hear"
- did not get the "what", asked for the "how"

Discussion:  when does Llewellyn step in and Direct the design

llewellyn is also the owner of repo

To discsuss later: 
Baseball vs Soccer  (interaction style)
- instanciation vs. loading / importing
- other languages?  python vs. ...?