# Retro

## Susan

Learned - I have a better understanding of how to write a bash
script. I wrote it the first time but I didn’t fully understand it
then. Now I have a better understanding.

Felt - I was a bit distracted at the beginning but as with all mobs,
once I jump in, I was still able to follow along. Sometimes I feel
like I don’t need to understand the WHOLE problem to be able to follow
along.


## Jay
learned 
- how to create package
- how to use a local package

Trtied to do "rear admiral" (navigate the navigator).  It worked for a
while.  Was trying to be highest (of 3) levels, letting Jay+Diana deal
with details (as Michael typed).


Probably don't have enough for next week unless all 4 of us show up.
The shared-in-the-headspace gave us momentum.  Goldilocks -- not too
much, maybe too little, probably just-right-for-the-context.

Back at work, has a work-around.  Less than optimal.  Can NOT continue
using the broken module (nor as a producer).

## Diana

Feels great about way in which Diana participated in mob w/ Jay (even
without rotation).  Often collaborated w/ Jay in way that she feels
added value.

Example -
- Spealing 'directcary' corecktly.  How?  Translation of talker.  Into
  lower level How->what actions.



## Michael
- Jay being silent at beginning was an "offer" (in sense of improv)
  for someone to step up.  Diana did it.  Reluctantly and awkwardly at
  first.  Then it kept getting better on all fronts.  Confidence and
  compitence showed on her face.
  
- Nice offer to  have MobbingPattern of "OneTypist".

- I loved having my own ~/.emacs under my fingers.  It was pure joy to
  type for group.
